well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again tonight we're going to talk about
the American political landscape
there are many suggesting that it has
devolved into Mean Girls with pettiness
running rife and with the administration
and president in particular suggesting
that he may take revenge and make people
pay the price for opposing him during
the impeachment we have stumbled upon
what may be a document from within the
administration possibly made by the
president's own hand if true would
provide us some great insight into the
mind of the leader of the free world
let's take a look the president has
always been a very creative man very
skilled in the graphic arts learn that
through his years of successful business
and pitching ideas the primary target
for the president's wrath appears to be
still Joe Biden there's a list of
reasons the president dislikes the man
if this was and in fact made by the
president I would draw your attention to
the upper right hand corner in the note
that says talk to Rudy about getting
even
Rudy himself has not been spared the
anger contained within this notebook
you'll notice that someone has attached
googly eyes to the attorney notes
include needs to STFU and the to-do list
talk about burner phones only call me
when you alone and revoke passport there
aren't many people in the United States
who have the authority to revoke a
passport
one of the presidents arch enemies is
shifty chef who has by the author of
this document harassed me Bigley over a
perfect phonecall and must pay the price
he's often referred to as the made up
fake transcript person known for being
very unfair
the president's former adviser john
bolton also known as loudmouth bolton
has been rated a star in the notebook
and is referred to as the deep state CIA
guide as reading the numbered complaints
about mr. Bolton we must remember that
this administration demands utmost
loyalty from those within it this is
possibly one of the more shocking pages
in the notebook it appears that whoever
was behind this document interprets AOC
s refusal to attend Trump events as
standing him up the subtext here is
pretty clear and something that we
should possibly pay attention to
senator Cruz who is a reluctant ally of
the president at least publicly has
apparently scared the president in many
ways there is the rumor that senator
Cruz is in fact the Zodiac killer and
then there's something about the Kennedy
assassination in here I'm not really
sure Mitch McConnell is another public
ally of the president also rating a star
however it appears that mr. McConnell
may have developed a better relationship
with Moscow than the president and the
president has in turn well you see
senator Mitt Romney is being lauded in
the press right now as one of the few
men to maintain his integrity throughout
this whole thing the author of the
notebook possibly the president seems to
think otherwise it's not uncommon to
grow - to test those that you try to
emulate and try to be like your heroes
become your rivals
yeah I got nothing on that one Oh
apparently sad mad facts someone the
author of this document copied the
Constitution every hour for the first
hundred days of his office and he is
mean something we should all pay too
close attention to the gullible grandma
may be in for promotion
perhaps the ambassadorship in Ukraine
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi seems
to have drawn the most anger from the
author of the book and it uh well again
you can read it yourself
the troubling handwriting here I'll read
this world leaders not my friends
Erewhon
for bullying me out of Syria Kim little
Kim rocket man doesn't return my calls
Trudeau Ivanka M Melania Boris stole my
fashion friends with Trudeau and French
guy Tim Apple for never meeting me is
this an authentic document well we'll
never know but it's big if true anyway
is just the thought you all have a good
night